# Project Vision
## 1.1 Background
Supporting both the mental and physical well being of OU's students, alumni, and business partners is an important part of the University's mission. Oakland's _University  Recreation  and  Well-Being_ program, run by the Recreation Center, requires a software solution that would provide implementation and support for common "recreation management" functionalities and services. Such a solution ought to increase the ease and efficiency by which both staff members and Rec Center patrons make use of these critical resources so that their benefits can be maximized across the student body and beyond.

## 1.2 Socio-economic Impact, Business Objectives, and Gap Analysis
### Socio-economic Impact
### Business Objectives
1. Provide management of membership, programs, and services.
2. Maximize efficiency and effectiveness of administering university recreation &well-being services.
3. Provide customers and clients with web-based portal access to enhance the customer experience
### Gap Analysis
* **Current State:** The current system can be described as "partially integrated". Users can navigate to the current Rec Center webpage hostend on the main Oakland website in order to sign in, sign up, or view calendars of events attached to a particular facility. Reservations for facilities are conducted through PDF templates that are submitted electronically and manually processed. Some equipment reservations are digital, such as bike lotteries. However, it appears that objects such as tables and other event equipment are managed manually.
* **Gap Description:** The system does not offer a fully pipelined approach for reserving facilities. Nor does there appear to be an integrated means of managing equipment allocated to a particular facility for a particular reservation. Inventories are presumably calculated manually. There does not appear to be a natural way within the current digital system to associate users to reservation requests. 
* **Bridging the Gap:** A new application ought to fully integrate reservations and equipment assignments into the stack. Admins and users should be able to clearly view available stocks of equipment and make requests based on that information. Requests for reservations should be fully digital and queue for approval from superusers. They should be clearly linked to the corresponding user account of the individual who submitted the request. The existing billing and membership / registration management system ought to be expanded upon to integrate with this functionality.  

## 1.3 Security and Ethical Concerns
The application ought to observe the following concerns regarding issues of security and ethics:
* **User Security:** It is critical that users' identifying information within the system be protected against prying eyes. Therefore the system must take reasonable steps to safeguard users' identifying information, such as ensuring that the system does not retain passwords and that user sessions expire after a reasonable amount of time.
* **User Privacy:** Safeguarding user privacy is an issue of both ethical and practical considerations. Therefore the system must provide protection of confidential information by design. For example, all REST endpoints that may confer confidential information must require proper authentication either from the user that owns the resource in question or a trusted superuser. Similarly, payment information must always be stored in a securely encrypted format within a proper database. Users should never be able to manipulate resources owned by another (e.g. a reservation), or view another User's confidential information, be it through a UI or programmatically, unless they themselves are a trusted superuser.

## 1.4 Glossary of Key Terms
* **Account:** A collection of metadata associated with a particular system user, which can be used to track information such as Rec Center memberships and permissions within the application itself.
* **Admin:** A superuser within the application. An admin has authority to make changes within the application to resources that are intended to be accessed only by Rec Center staff (e.g. editing facilities and equipment inventories) as well as conduct administrative work on the application stack itself.
* **Bad Actor:** A user who has been flagged within the system to indicate a pattern of using the system in a pernicious manner or otherwise violating Rec Center policy. Users who have been flagged as Bad Actors may find that they experience limited functionality within the application while so flagged.
* **Check-In:** A record taken by the system that notes that a user with a membership and/or reservation has arrived on site to make use of some particular resource(s).  
* **Equipment:** A record in the system used to represent physical resources whose allocation within the Rec Center facilities is of particular importance. Tables are an example of such an object.
* **Facility:** A record in the system used to represent a physical space or room within the Rec Center, to which exclusive access may be granted to users through reservations, and to which equipment can be allocated.
* **Fee:** A charge levied against particular users in exchange for use of Rec Center resources, damages, or other grants.
* **Inventory:** A tally or otherwise any logical grouping of equipment managed with the system. 
* **Member:** A user who possesses a membership with the Rec Center, and thereby has access to certain application features and / or Rec Center resources. 
* **Membership:** Represents a subscription to the Rec Center which provides access to certain resources, which can be managed through the application.
* **Reservation:** A grant for exclusive access to a particular user, for a particular set of facilities and associated equipment, for a finite amount of time, and for a specific purpose. 

