## 12.1. Project Plan
The plan of the project is to have the final version of the website incorporate a scheduling calendar, have the user rent equipment 
and/or facilities, have the user log in/regester, and the users can easily navigate throughout the website while getting/understanding 
the information about the Rec Center. The home page will have a vector image of the rec center building and links to various pages 
available for the user to click on. The user can register and log in to website use the website's functionalities. Admins can log in 
as well, but need another admin to manual add them into the user database for security reasons. A user can fill a form out to rent a 
particular facility or equipment at a particular time. The rental can be viewed from the calender in between the times allotted to the 
users. Users and admins can cancel the rentals at any time for any reason. 

## 12.2. Risk management
There are some risks involved with the project. The first one is having everyone agree on the design aspect of the website. Not 
everyone agrees with other's ideas. We vote and discuss which idea is better. At the end, usually the person(s) in disagreement will 
bow down. The next risk is assessing skill level of each member of the team. Some are simply better than others at certain tasks, so the
work is divide up to the appropriate people. Finally, we have to design and impliment the features completely in a specific amount of time (like a sprint). After each members complete their tasks, the tasks have to merge without conflicts. If we acknowledge these problems, we can combat them to the best of our abilities. 