# System Requirements and Analysis
## 3.1 Function Requirements
The following functional requirements encompass the core functionality composing the Rec Center Management system. 
1. The application shall feature a homepage with easily accessible links to system resources.
2. The application shall support user logins with persistent accounts.
3. The application shall support user registration for an account.
4. Newly registered users should receive email confirmations after creating their new account.
5. The application shall support Role-Based Access which can be manipulated at the account-level.
6.  The application will allow users to upload a "profile image" to their respective accounts.
7. The application shall allow users to record "check-ins" at university resources and attribute them to a particular account.
8. The application shall allow users to view their current membership status at the Rec Center.
9. The application shall allow administrators to keep an inventory of equipment at the Rec Center.
10. The application shall allow the administrators to update information about Rec Center facilities.
11. The application website should allow visitors to browse information about Rec Center facilities.
12. The application should allow registered users to review a calendar illustrating the event schedule associated with a particular facility.
13. The application should allow registered users to submit registration requests for facilities and equipment to the Rec Center.
14. System administrators shall be able to review reservation requests.
15. System adminstrators shall be able to issue approvals / denials on reservation requests.
16. Users should receive notifications via email when a reservation has been reviewed. 
17. The application shall provide an easily accessible webpage enumerating fees and rates associated with Rec Center resources. 
18. The application shall allow administrators to create "item groups" out of inventory items. 
19. System administrators should be able conveniently perform CRUD operations on the principle entities underlying the system such as facilities and equipment. 

## 3.2 Non-functional Requirements
1. Security - all confidential user information should be stored securely. For example, credentials such as passwords should never be stored. Access to resources owned by an individual user should be restricted to that user or an Admin within the application itself. 

2. Usability - the application ought to be easily accessible to the broad body of Oakland University's staff and student body. As such, the application should be easily accessed on the most commonly used web browsers. The application UI ought to be "intuitively" designed, e.g. featuring easily accessible links to the most commonly used resources. 

3. Modifiability - the application code should be written in such a way as to facilitate easy changes in the future. For instance, the UI shall be decoupled from the application server through the use of a RESTful API to encourage modularity. 

4. Deployment - the application ougth to be easy to configure and deploy in production. This can be aided through the use of Spring Boot to encapsulate the application within a single JAR. 

## 3.3 On-Screen Appearance Requirements
1. The application webpage should be accessible on web browsers such as Firefox, Chrome, and Edge.

2. The application webpage should be accessible on commonplace Operating Systems such as Windows, Mac OS, and Linux as well as mobile platforms supporting Chrome. 

3. To encourage security and usability, the UI should always display a convenient link to an account control allowing users to login / logout with ease. 

4. The main landing page should feature easy links to the most commonly accessed resources, e.g. sites handling memberships, facility reservations, and equipment rentals.

5. Users with administrative privileges should have access to CRUD interfaces dedicated managing the primary entities backing the application (e.g. user accounts, reservations, etc.).

 6. Registered users should be presented with an interactive calendar desplaying event schedules for facilities available for rental. 

 7. Registered users should have access to a navbar containing links to resources tied to their individual account.

 8. A footer containing links to University resources and social media should be present on all publicly-facing webpages. 

 ## 3.4 Wireframe Designs
 See [here.](https://github.com/RecCenterManagement/notes/tree/master/wireframes)