4.1. Stakeholders
4.2. Actors and Goals
4.3. User stories, scenarios and Use Cases
4.4. System Sequence / Activity Diagrams

# Stakeholders


# Actors and Goals

The actors in this system include:

* The students and other attendees who are seeking information on the Recreation Center, and making reservations for its facilites and equipment.

# User Stories and Use Cases

Here is a list of the user stories defined for this project:

* As a user, I can sign up for an account.
* As a user, I can login into my account in order to access the system.
* As a user, I will be able to change my profile or update my information.
* As a user, I want to see the home page and navigate easily around.
* As a user, I want to see information about membership and fees.
* As a user, I can view information about the rec center such as schedules and information about the facilities.
* As a user, I want to see occupied and reserved facilities through via a calendar
* As a user, I want to select the facilities I want to reserve and see what times they are reserved.
* As a user, I want to select a time to reserve a facility by dragging on the calendar.
* As a user, I want to specify reservation name and number of participants by filling out a form.
* As a user, I want to specify equipment to reserve with my facility reservation.
* As a user, I want to specify equipment to reserve using pre-made bundles (for example, a tennis bundle with rackets and balls).
* As a user, I can reserve a facility.
* As a user, I can see equipment associated with a facility.
* As a user, I can reserve equipment.
* As a user, I can view previously made and pending reservations.
* As an admin, I will be able to lock and unlock user accounts.
* As an admin, I can create accounts for other users or administrators.
* As an admin, I can see available equipment.
* As an admin, I can create equipment bundles for room setup.
* As an admin, I can assign equipment to a room.
* As an admin, I can view facility reservations made by users.
* As an admin, I can view equipment reservations.
* As an admin, I can modify reservations.
* As an admin, I can choose to accept or deny reservations made by users.

# System Sequence and Activity Diagrams
